Adding relevant links to the read me (#35)
Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3: README.md

# Microsoft Azure Cosmos DB .NET SDK Version 3.0

> This project provides a client tools or utilities in .NET that makes it easy to interact with Azure Cosmos DB. Azure cosmos DB is published with nuget name [Microsoft.Azure.Cosmos](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.Cosmos/). 

Reviewer: nit: The .NET SDK 3.0 is published on NuGet as....

## SDK Public Preview announcement

> https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/azure-cosmos-dotnet-sdk-version-3-0-now-in-public-preview/

Reviewer: Maybe some better text?
```suggestion
The .NET SDK 3.0 is currently in [Public Preview](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/azure-cosmos-dotnet-sdk-version-3-0-now-in-public-preview/), please share your Feedback and suggestions through the [Issues](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/issues) section.

```
